Updating the Calendar document (#329)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Support/Help_Articles/Calendar/README.md

## Collecting of logs
This [article](https://jolla.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011963227) explains how to collect logs concerning the sync of various accounts.

## Deleting calendar database forcefully

This article may help in deleting ghost calendars. With a ghost calendar we mean a calendar that persists in the Calendar app, no matter what you do to remove it.

> Unfortunately it will delete all valid calendars too, however deleting of the valid calendars is not critical if the those are synced calendars, since the calendar data will be synced from the serverafter the deletion. Only the data of the local (non-synced) calendars will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately it will delete all valid calendars too, however deleting of the valid calendars is not critical if the those are synced calendars, since the calendar data will be synced from the server after the deletion. Only the data of the local (non-synced) calendars will be lost.
```

Author: fixed
